[Refresh] Regenerate search Go SDK with latest TypeSpec (#26173)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: sdk/resourcemanager/search/armsearch/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 2.0.0-beta.1 (2026-03-09)
### Breaking Changes

> - For migration help on parameter-group updates, see [SDK Breaking Changes Migration Guide - Parameter Group Changes](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/blob/bdb7839e8a9beaa608943751c023adc607205192/documentation/development/breaking-changes/sdk-breaking-changes-guide-migration.md#8-parameter-group-changes).

Reviewer: could you create a short link for this?  I don't think we need commit id in the link.

Reviewer 2: Done

> - For migration help on parameter-group updates, see [SDK Breaking Changes Migration Guide - Parameter Group Changes](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/blob/bdb7839e8a9beaa608943751c023adc607205192/documentation/development/breaking-changes/sdk-breaking-changes-guide-migration.md#8-parameter-group-changes).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For migration help on parameter-group updates, see [SDK Breaking Changes Migration Guide - Parameter Group Changes](https://aka.ms/azsdk/go/breakingchanges/migration/parameter-group).
```
